gh-124694: Document missing ctxkwargs argument in ThreadPoolExecutor (#134321)
python/cpython: Doc/library/concurrent.futures.rst

   pending jobs will raise a :exc:`~concurrent.futures.thread.BrokenThreadPool`,
   as well as any attempt to submit more jobs to the pool.

>    *ctxkwargs* is a mapping of additional keyword arguments passed to

Reviewer: The `ctxkwargs` parameter is special -- it does not correspond to a single argument. I am not even sure that it should be documented, since it is only purpose is to be able to pass `shared` to `prepare_context()` in `InterpreterPoolExecutor()`. It may be an implementation detail, in which case I am not sure that it should be documented.

If we still document this, I would write something like "Any addition keyword arguments are passed to `prepare_context()`." And updated the docstring correspondingly.

cc @ericsnowcurrently

      Default value of *max_workers* is changed to
      ``min(32, (os.process_cpu_count() or 1) + 4)``.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.14

>       Added *ctxkwargs* to pass additional arguments to ``cls.prepare_context``

Reviewer: It should be documented even if remove all `versionchanged` directives (they will be removed when we switch to Python 4).

      class method.

   .. classmethod:: prepare_context(initializer, initargs)

>       Setting up the necessary context for creating worker instances in a pool-based executor (e.g., in a concurrent environment like threads or interpreters).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Setting up the necessary context for creating worker instances in a pool-based executor (for example, in a concurrent environment like threads or interpreters).
```
[Use simple language](https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language) and this line needs wrapping

the bytes over a shared :mod:`socket <socket>` or
:func:`pipe <os.pipe>`.

> .. class:: InterpreterPoolExecutor(max_workers=None, thread_name_prefix='', \

Reviewer 3: This is unrelated, but it's probably an improvement as it's now more readable. So I'm ok with it.
